/2003-SP1 Jet-Assisted Chevy.mkv
Can a 1967 Chevy take off with JATO rockets, like in the tale of the JATO Rocket Car?
Can Pop Rocks and soda, when eaten simultaneously, cause the eater's stomach to rupture?
'''Note''': The only cast are Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman. Heather Joseph-Witham also makes her first appearance in this episode.

/2003-SP2 Biscuit Bazooka.mkv
Can an airplane toilet create enough suction to cause a person to become stuck on it?
Can a can of biscuit dough explode in a hot car?
Can a person throw himself through a skyscraper window?
'''Note''': This is the first appearance of Kari Byron.

/2003-SP3 Poppy-Seed Drug Test.mkv
Can a person take to the skies using only a lawn chair and weather balloons?
Can someone test positive for heroin by eating a large amount of poppy seeds?
Can being painted with gold paint actually be deadly?

/2003-1 Exploding Toilet.mkv
Can a person be propelled off a toilet seat by dropping a lit cigarette into a toilet bowl when filled with various combustible materials?
Is running better than walking to keep dry in the rain?
Is it possible to make a "magic bullet" out of ice?

/2003-2 Cell Phone Destroys Gas Station.mkv
Will using a cell phone near a gas pump cause an explosion?
Will silicone breast implants explode or expand in low pressure?
Can a standard CD-ROM drive shatter a CD?

/2003-3 Barrel of Bricks.mkv
Can a bricklayer hoisting a wooden barrel full of bricks with a pulley from the top of a three-story building fall and hit a man multiple times?
Can a person be electrocuted by urinating on the third rail?
Can an eel skin wallet erase a credit card?

/2003-4 Penny Drop.mkv
Will a penny dropped from the top of the Empire State Building kill a person or penetrate the ground?
Can a person's internal organs be cooked by a tanning booth?
Can tooth fillings receive radio waves?

/2003-5 Buried Alive.mkv
How long can you survive in an underground coffin?
Does Cola have special properties?
If a person is falling off a bridge, can they save themselves by throwing a hammer ahead of them to break the surface tension of the water prior to their own impact?

/2003-6 Lightning Strikes-Tongue Piercings.mkv
Is a person with a tongue piercing more likely to get struck by lightning?
Can a cannon be built out of a tree?
Can the breathalyzer be beaten through various methods?

/2003-7 Stinky Car.mkv
Can a car in which a person has died and started to decay become so malodorous that it will be impossible to remove the stench and sell?
If gasoline is poured down a drain pipe and lit while a person is inside of it, will that person be launched as if from a cannon?

/2003-8 Alcatraz Escape.mkv
Was it possible to survive an escape from Alcatraz?
Does a duck's quack echo?
Does the government implant secret chips in people which stud finders can detect?

/2004-1 Explosive Decompression.mkv
Can a bullet cause explosive decompression and tear a plane apart?
Can a car's rear axle be ripped away by a steel cable tied to it and a lamppost?
Will a bullet used as a fuse in a vehicle work and then will it fire?

/2004-2 Chicken Gun.mkv
Do frozen chickens cause more damage than thawed chickens when shot at a plane's windshield?
Can octopus eggs hatch inside a human's stomach?
Is there any truth to the strange story of a man who died when he tried to compact his laundry in the washing machine by standing on it?

/2004-3 Break Step Bridge.mkv
Can a marching battalion take down a bridge?
How many bacteria reside on a toothbrush?
Is it possible to water ski behind a rowing eight?

/2004-4 Sinking Titanic.mkv
Could the sinking Titanic literally suck a person down with it?
Does a goldfish's memory only last for 3 seconds?
Can explosives packed in a trombone cause the slide to rocket off it?

/2004-5 Buried in Concrete.mkv
Is Jimmy Hoffa buried under Giants Stadium?
Can the venom from a daddy long-legs kill a human?
Can a jet engine launch a taxi into the air?

/2004-6 Myths Revisited.mkv
Can a marching battalion take down a bridge? (Revisit of: Breakstep Bridge)
Is it possible to make a "magic bullet" out of ice? (Revisit of: Magic Bullet)
Do frozen chickens cause more damage than thawed chickens when shot at a plane's windshield? (Revisit of: Chicken Gun)
Will using a cell phone near a gas pump cause an explosion? (Revisit of: Cell Phone Destruction)
Can being painted with gold paint actually be deadly? (Revisit of: ''Goldfinger'')
Can leaving a can of aerosol spray or cola inside a hot car cause it to explode?
Can an inflatable brassiere explode inside of an airplane as it climbs in altitude?
Can urinating on an electric fence cause electrocution?
'''Note''': This is the first appearance of Tory Belleci, Scottie Chapman, and "Mythtern" Christine Chamberlain.

/2004-7 Scuba Diver and Car Capers.mkv
Can a scuba diver be sucked up in a fire fighting helicopter?
Are various car myths from movies true?

/2004-8 Ancient Death Ray.mkv
Can mirrors be used to make a death ray?
What solutions are effective against skunk smell?
What common objects are bulletproof?

/2004-9 Elevator of Death, Levitation Machine.mkv
Can someone survive a multi-story elevator fall by jumping right before the elevator hits the bottom of the shaft?
Is it possible to make a hovercraft with a vacuum motor?
'''Note''': This is the final appearance of folklorist Heather Joseph-Witham.

/2004-10 Beat the Radar Detector.mkv
If someone falls off a building, can that person glide to safety using a sheet of plywood?
Can you beat a radar detector?

/2004-11 Quicksand.mkv
Can a person be sucked down by "killer quicksand"?
Can a tattoo explode in an MRI scan?
Can appliances really electrocute people if they fall in the bathtub?

/2004-12 Exploding Jawbreaker.mkv
Can a superheated jawbreaker explode when bitten down upon?
Can a PVC pipe build enough static electricity to kill?
Can a playing card kill a person if thrown with enough power?

/2004-13 Pingpong Rescue.mkv
How many balloons are needed to lift a 40-lb child off the ground?
Can a sunken boat be lifted to the surface with ping-pong balls?

/2004-14 Boom-Lift Catapult.mkv
Is it possible to make a catapult with a boom-lift cherry-picker?
Does a person save more gas by driving with the AC on instead of having the windows down?

/2004-15 Exploding House.mkv
Can too many bug bombs blow up a house?
How hard is it to find a needle in a haystack?
Will talking to plants help them grow?

/2004-16 Ming Dynasty Astronaut.mkv
Can a person be launched by rockets strapped to a chair, like in the Ming Dynasty tale?
Do free energy devices seen on the Internet actually work?
Can jumping into a ceiling fan cause a person to lose his head?

/2004-SP1 Viewers-Choice-Christmas Special.mkv
Can a frozen turkey can explode if it is dropped into deep fryer pot too fast?
If you place a silver spoon in bottle of champagne, will the bubbles last longer?
Can a falling icicle kill someone?
Does a clothed snowman melt slower that a "naked" one?
Can a urine stream freeze in the winter?
Can lighting a fire in the fireplace with a chimney make the rest of the house colder?

/2005-SP1 Buster Special.mkv
Buster is rebuilt after sustaining a year's worth of abuse.

/2005-SP2 Ultimate MythBusters.mkv
Jamie and Adam have a contest to prove who is the Ultimate MythBuster.

/2005-1 Brown Note.mkv
Can a person be blown away by a bullet?
Can a certain note make a person have fecal incontinence?
Does Chinese water torture work?

/2005-2 Salsa Escape.mkv
Can a person escape from prison using salsa?
Can hardened cement be removed from a cement truck using explosives?

/2005-3 Exploding Port-a-Potty.mkv
Can a car pole-vault from its drive shaft if it hits a pothole?
Can a port-a-potty gather enough methane to explode?

/2005-4 Is Yawning Contagious?.mkv
Can a toy car beat a Dodge Viper in a quarter-mile downhill race?
Is yawning contagious?
Does buttered toast always land buttered side down?

/2005-SP3 MythBusters Outtakes.mkv
This episode showed outtakes from the series.

/2005-5 Cooling a Six-Pack.mkv
What is the fastest way to cool a six pack of beer?
Was a battery able to be used for certain tasks in ancient times?

/2005-6 Son of a Gun.mkv
Could using a phone in a thunderstorm result in being electrocuted?
Could a bullet pass through a man's genitals, into a woman's abdomen, and make the woman pregnant?
Can a boat be driven with its trailer still attached?
'''Note''': This was the final regular episode appearance of Scottie Chapman and final appearance of "Mythtern" Christine Chamberlain.

/2005-SP4 Shop 'til You Drop.mkv
The MythBusters showed their favorite places to shop.

/2005-SP5 MythBusters Revealed.mkv
This was a behind the scenes insight of MythBusters, featuring interviews, as well as exploring personal issues between the hosts.

/2005-SP6 Hollywood on Trial.mkv
Will bullets spark when ricocheting off other objects?
Did the aluminium paint used on Buddy Ebsen, the actor originally slated to play the Tin Man in the 1939 movie version of ''The Wizard of Oz'' cause an adverse reaction that hospitalized him?
Is it possible for a medium-to-large build man to break through a wooden door frame on his own power?
Is it possible to be thrown through a glass window and walk away without a scratch?
Is it possible to ignite a pool of gasoline using only a cigarette?
 It was the first appearance of Grant Imahara.

/2005-7 Breaking Glass.mkv
Can an unamplified human voice shatter a wine glass?
Does a rolling stone gather moss?
Can a vacuum cleaner be converted into a jet engine?

/2005-8 Jet Pack.mkv
Can a jet pack be created from plans on the Internet?
Do pyramids have special powers?

/2005-9 Killer Brace Position.mkv
Is the brace position recommended in airplane crashes actually designed to kill people?
Is driving while talking on the cell phone as dangerous as driving drunk?

/2005-10 Bulletproof Water.mkv
Will diving underwater protect a person from bullets?
Can a person swing 360° on a swing set?

/2005-SP7 Jaws Special.mkv
Will a scuba tank explode if shot?
Can piano wire be used to catch a shark?
Can a shark ram through a boat or shark cage?
Can a shark hold three flotation barrels under water?
'''Note''': This was a special double-length episode. It was a ''Jaws''-themed episode.

/2005-11 Border Slingshot.mkv
Is it possible to slingshot a person over the border and onto a mattress?

/2005-12 Killer Tissue Box.mkv
Can a tissue box in the back of a car kill the driver if the car crashes?
Is it possible to split an arrow by hitting it with another?

/2005-13 Escape Slide Parachute.mkv
Can a person make a parachute with an airplane escape slide or life raft?
Will hair cream explode in the right conditions and decapitate the pilot of a fighter plane?
Can a stewardess survive a 33,000-foot fall while still strapped into her seat?

/2005-14 MythBusters Revisited.mkv
Can a person be blown away by a bullet? (Revisit of: Blown Away)
Can a bullet cause explosive decompression and tear a plane apart? (Revisit of: Explosive Decompression)
Is running better than walking to keep dry in the rain? (Revisit of: Who Gets Wetter?)
If someone falls off a building, can that person glide to safety using a sheet of plywood? (Revisit of: Plywood Builder)
Does a person save more gas by driving with the AC on instead of having the windows down? (Revisit of: AC vs. Windows Down)
Can a gas tank explode when shot by a bullet? (Revisit of: Car Capers)
Will a black car heat faster than a white one?

/2005-15 Chinese Invasion Alarm.mkv
Could the Ancient Chinese have used drums to listen for tunneling invaders?
Is the five second rule true?

/2005-16 Confederate Rocket.mkv
Did the Confederates really have a two-stage rocket capable of traveling 100 miles from Richmond to DC?

/2005-17 Vodka Myths.mkv
Can two semi-trucks collide head-on and completely crush a compact car?
Can vodka cure foot odor or bad breath?

/2005-18 Steel Toe-Cap Amputation.mkv
Do steel toe boots really put toes in more danger than a regular boot, to the extent that the steel toe would chop off the wearer's toes?
Can bottle rockets be used to launch a human?

/2005-19 Seasickness - Kill or Cure.mkv
What is the best cure for seasickness?
Is it more efficient to drive a truck with its tailgate up than down?
Can sticking one's finger in a gun barrel stop a bullet?

/2006-1 Paper Crossbow.mkv
Can a deadly crossbow be made from materials available to prison inmates?
Can vodka remove the smell of cigarettes from clothes, kill bees like an insecticide, or be used as a bathroom cleaner?

/2006-2 Shredded Plane.mkv
What caused a plane to be shredded?
Can a fire be started by rubbing sticks together, with a bullet, or with ice?

/2006-3 Archimedes Death Ray.mkv
Can an array of bronze mirrors set a wooden ship on fire? (Revisit of: Ancient Death Ray)
'''Note''': This was the first appearance of "Mythtern" Jess Nelson.

/2006-4 Helium Football.mkv
Can a football fly farther if it is filled with helium?
Is it possible for a human to catch a bullet in his teeth?

/2006-5 Franklin's Kite.mkv
Could a kite struck by lightning in a storm kill the person holding it?
Are various flatulence myths true?

/2006-6 Cell Phones on Planes.mkv
Can a cell phone cause a plane to crash?
Can a person fly away on a raft filled with helium?

/2006-7 Bullets Fired Up.mkv
Can a bullet fired straight up in the air kill someone on the way back down?
Can vodka cure poison oak and remove band-aids painlessly?
If low-end vodka is charcoal-filtered, will it become a top-shelf vodka?

/2006-8 Myths Re-Opened.mkv
Is it possible to split an arrow by hitting it with another? (Revisit of: Splitting an Arrow)
Can a hybrid rocket be propelled with salami?
Can a modern firearm be fired if completely submerged in water?

/2006-9 Mind Control.mkv
Can mind control be achieved by various techniques?
Can a room be painted with dynamite?

/2006-10 Exploding Pants.mkv
Is it possible for pants to spontaneously explode?
Do various fuel efficiency methods work?

/2006-11 Crimes and Myth-Demeanors 1.mkv
Can a laser alarm be defeated?
Can a metal duct be stealthily climbed using magnets?
Can a pressure switch be defeated?
How easy is it to crack a safe?
Can a hole be easily cut into a pane of glass without setting off a sound alarm?

/2006-12 Steam Cannon.mkv
Did Archimedes make a cannon using steam power?
Is a cardboard cereal box more nutritious than the sugary cereal inside?

/2006-13 Whirlpool-Snowplow.mkv
Can a whirlpool really kill somebody?
Can a snowplow driving down the road push enough air to flip a passing car over?

/2006-14 Mentos and Soda.mkv
Why does dropping Mentos into a bottle of Diet Coke create a geyser effect?
Can a stamp affixed to a helicopter's rotor blade make it crash?

/2006-15 Shattering Subwoofer.mkv
Can speaker power alone destroy a car?
Will driving faster on a bumpy road smooth out the ride?

/2006-16 Crimes and Myth-Demeanors 2.mkv
Can fingerprint scanners, sonar, or thermal alarms be foiled?
Can a glass re-locking safe be blown up by filling it with water?

/2006-17 Earthquake Machine.mkv
Can a machine designed by Nikola Tesla actually create a miniature earthquake or collapse a structure?
Can a lava lamp explode if heated on the stove?

/2006-18 Deadly Straw.mkv
Can a hurricane blow a piece of straw through a tree?
According to Primary Perception, do all living things share an interconnected consciousness?

/2006-SP1 Mega Movie Myths.mkv
Can shooting locks really open a door?
Can a car be fitted with an ejection seat?
Can a car drive up a ramp, fly through the air, land, and drive away?
Can a person shoot a hole through a floor and fall through?
Will awnings help break a fall from a building?
Can a sword cut another sword in half?
'''Note''': This was a special double-length episode.

/2006-19 Killer Cable Snaps.mkv
If a steel cable under high tension snaps, could it cut a human in half?
Can sounds and vibrations be recorded into the grooves of ancient pottery?

/2006-20 Air Cylinder Rocket.mkv
Can an air cylinder go straight through a cinder-block wall or propel a boat?
Can an engine run on gunpowder alone?

/2006-21 More Myths Revisited.mkv
Can a hybrid rocket be propelled with salami? (Revisit of: Salami Rocket)
Is it more efficient to drive a truck with its tailgate up than down? (Revisit of: Tailgate Up vs. Tailgate Down)
Can a sword slice a machine gun barrel?
Can bracing a windshield keep it from shattering?
Does a plastic mesh tailgate provide superior fuel efficiency compared to the standard metal tailgate?

/2006-22 Exploding Lighter.mkv
Can a disposable lighter explode with lethal force?
Are various gunslinger myths true?

/2006-23 Concrete Glider.mkv
Can a working glider be made out of concrete?
Can a passing train suck a person onto the tracks?

/2006-24 Firearms Folklore.mkv
Can a bullet travel through a sniper's scope and kill him?
Can a fired bullet lodge in the chamber of a revolver?
Can two colliding bullets fuse in mid air?
If two metal hammers are struck together, will they explode?

/2006-25 Anti-Gravity Device.mkv
Is anti-gravity possible?
Can too many lights on a Christmas tree cause it to light on fire?
Can vodka help to ease the pain of a jellyfish sting?

/2006-SP2 Holiday Special.mkv
Can a falling frozen turkey break a person's foot or kill a pet?
Can a turkey be cooked by exposing it to a radar or microwave transmitter antenna?
Do various methods work keeping the needles of a Christmas tree from falling off?
Can a holiday-themed Rube Goldberg machine be built within a week's time?
 This was the first episode to air the new opening sequence and to film in high definition.

/2006-26 22,000-Foot Fall.mkv
Is it possible to survive a 22,000-foot fall using the blast from a 1000-pound bomb to break the fall?
Is electricity saved by switching off the lights when leaving a room?

/2007-1 Hindenberg Mystery.mkv
Was the Hindenburg disaster actually caused by the doping compound with which the LZ 129 Hindenburg was painted?
Can running in a zig-zag line save a person from a crocodile?

/2007-2 Pirate Special.mkv
Can a person jab a knife in a boat's sail, ride down the sail, and land safely on the deck?
Does an eyepatch help someone see in the dark?
Are the splinters made by a cannonball fired at wood more lethal than the cannonball itself?
Can rum be used to clean cloth?
'''Note''': This was a special double-length episode.

/2007-3 Underwater Car.mkv
How can someone escape from a sinking car?
Can paper be folded in half more than seven times?

/2007-4 Speed Cameras.mkv
Is it possible to beat a speed-tracking camera?
Can a defibrillator cause nitroglycerin patches to explode?

/2007-5 Dog Myths.mkv
Is there any way to prevent a bloodhound from tracking one's scent?
Is it possible to get past a guard dog?
Can an old dog be taught new tricks?

/2007-6 More Myths Revisited.mkv
Can explosives packed in a trombone cause the slide to rocket off it? (Revisit of: The Mad Trombonist)
Can a bullet travel through a sniper's scope and kill him? (Revisit of: Firearms Folklore)
Can sticking one's finger in a gun barrel stop a bullet? (Revisit of: Finger in a Barrel)
If two metal hammers are struck together, or a hammer strikes an anvil, can they shatter with lethal force? (Revisit of: Hammer vs. Hammer)
Can a rifle fired with a boresight in the barrel backfire and explode, creating a cartoon-like banana peel effect?

/2007-7 Voice Flame Extinguisher.mkv
Can a human voice extinguish a flame?
Can hypnotists plant suggestions in unwilling patients?
Can hypnosis help bring back dormant memories?

/2007-8 Birds in a Truck.mkv
Do birds flying in a trailer cause the trailer to become lighter?
Will a boat crashing into a channel marker cleave itself in half?

/2007-9 Walking on Water.mkv
Is it possible to walk on water?
Can a speeding arrow be snatched out of the air?
Can a sword be stopped with one's bare hands?

/2007-10 Western Myths.mkv
Can someone's hat be shot off?
Is it possible to break someone out of jail with horses?
Can an airbag turn a lock-pick into a lethal spear?

/2007-11 Big Rig Myths.mkv
Can a big rig's tire explode with deadly force?
Can fuel be saved by tailgating a semi-trailer truck?
Can a car be driven onto a truck's extended ramp at highway speeds?

/2007-12 Grenades and Guts.mkv
Can sacrificially jumping on a grenade save others' lives?
Does self-hypnosis work?
Can a combination of Diet Coke and Mentos make one's stomach explode?

/2007-13 Snow Special.mkv
Can yodeling actually set off an avalanche?
Do cars have better traction on ice while driving backwards?

/2007-14 Baseball Myths.mkv
Can a baseball be hit hard enough to remove its covering?
Can dry balls be hit farther than humid ones?
Does sliding into a base get a person there faster?
Can balls be hit further with a corked bat?
'''Note''': Roger Clemens was a special guest on this episode.

/2007-15 Viewers' Special.mkv
Can a person's eyes pop out while sneezing with eyes open?
Can shifting to reverse stop a runaway car?
Can three cigarette butts fired from a black-powder rifle kill a person at 7 ft?

/2007-16 Red Rag to a Bull.mkv
Are bulls really aggravated by the color red?
Can ammunition stored in the oven be lethal?
Can firearm cartridges thrown in a campfire kill a person?
Do bulls in a china shop really cause complete destruction?

/2007-17 Superhero Hour.mkv
Is it possible to climb a building with a motorized grappling hook?
Will getting punched by someone wearing a ring leave a ring-shaped imprint?
Can a costume be changed in a phone booth?
Is it possible to rig a grappling hook onto a car, shoot it at a steel structure, and use it to swing around a 90° corner at high speed?

/2007-18 Myth Revolution.mkv
Can the speed camera be beaten? (Revisit of: Speed Cameras)
Can a ninja deflect a bullet with his palm?
Can a person breathe from a car tire underwater?
Will an RFID chip explode in an MRI scanner?

/2007-19 Trailblazers.mkv
Will a flaming trail of gasoline from a moving vehicle catch up to its tank and cause it to explode?
Can a person outrun a trail of burning gunpowder?
Can a person be burned by a defibrillator if wearing an underwire bra or a nipple ring?

/2007-20 Exploding Water Heater.mkv
Can a water heater explode like a rocket and shoot through the roof of a house?
If a person is being dragged by a horse, can the friction caused by the movement make the jeans catch on fire?
Can shrinking jeans by wearing them in a hot bath kill someone?

/2007-21 Special Supersized Myths.mkv
Are sharks attracted by low-frequency sound waves transmitted through water?
Does the presence of dolphins deter sharks from attacking their prey?
Can the jet exhaust from a Boeing 747 flip a taxi, school bus, or small plane? (Revisit of: Jet Taxi)
Can a JATO rocket launch a car through the air? (Revisit of: JATO Car)
Can a person waterski behind a cruise ship?
'''Note''': This was a double-length episode. Former MythBuster Scottie Chapman reappeared in this episode to assist in the testing.

/2007-22 Shooting Fish in a Barrel.mkv
Is shooting fish in a barrel really as easy as the proverb says?
What is the most effective cure for pain caused by hot chili peppers?
Are elephants really afraid of mice?

/2007-23 Pirates 2.mkv
Is it possible to use a rowboat as a submarine?
Can one escape if buried in the sand up to the neck?
What kind of projectiles would pirates use in a cannon if they run out of cannonballs?

/2007-24 Confederate Steam Gun.mkv
Did the Confederates really build a lethal steam-powered machine gun?
Is it possible to fool a modern polygraph test?

/2007-25 Airplane Hour.mkv
Can a person with no flight training safely land a jet airliner while being assisted by the traffic controllers over the radio?
If a person jumps out of an airplane with the last parachute, can another person jump out later and catch the person?
Is it possible to hold a conversation while falling at terminal velocity?
Does a 4,000 foot fall take 90 seconds?

/2008-1 James Bond, Part 1.mkv
Can a bullet from a 9 mm handgun ignite a propane tank?
Can a watch-sized electromagnet deflect a bullet?
Can a speed boat jump off of a ramp, land in the water, and continue to operate safely?
'''Note''': This was a special James Bond-theme episode.

/2008-2 Lead Balloon.mkv
Can a lead balloon fly?
Is it possible to surf a wave caused by an explosion?

/2008-3 Airplane on a Conveyor Belt.mkv
Can an airplane take off while on a conveyor belt?
Can cockroaches, fruit flies, and flour beetles survive extreme levels of radiation?
Can defrosting shaving cream fill up an entire car?

/2008-4 James Bond, Part 2.mkv
Can 007's exploding ballpoint pen blow a test dummy in half?
Can a bowler hat rigged with a steel ring knock the head off a statue?
Can a steel jaw sever a steel cable?

/2008-5 Viewers' Special 2.mkv
Can a person slide down a steel cable using a pair of blue jeans?
Does eye black help athletes see?
Can a spark follow a trail of gunpowder leaking from a barrel, catch up with it, and explode?
Can a tree be cut down using a machine gun?
 It was the final appearance of "Mythtern" Jess Nelson.

/2008-6 MacGyver Myths.mkv
Can a person blow a man-sized hole in a wall with one gram of sodium reacting with water?
Could MacGyver have built an ultralight airplane from bamboo, trash bags, duct tape, and a cement mixer?
How well will Jamie and Adam perform in a MacGyver challenge?

/2008-7 Alaska Special.mkv
Does cabin fever exist?
Does accelerating into a moose cause less damage than braking?
Can a single stick of dynamite with a 20 second fuse be thrown, retrieved by a dog, and detonate under an SUV causing it to sink into a frozen lake?

/2008-8 ''Shark Week'' Special 2.mkv
Can sharks detect a struggling fish?
Do dogs attract sharks?
Does chili powder repel sharks?
Will a pack of sharks ignore a person who is playing dead?
Do spots of light attract sharks?
Could a person being attacked by a shark reach its eye while inside its mouth?
'''Note''': This was a special double-length episode.

/2008-9 Exploding Steak.mkv
Can steak be tenderized with explosives?
Does driving while angry decrease fuel efficiency?

/2008-10 NASA Moon Landing.mkv
Were some of the photos from the moon landing fake?
Can you bounce a laser off the moon?
Was the film from the moon faked, and just slowed down?
Will a feather and a hammer drop at the same rate in a vacuum?
Could a footprint be made like the one on the moon?
Could the flag have flapped like it did on the moon?

/2008-11 Viral Hour.mkv
Is it possible to lift a car using fire hoses?
Do goats faint while getting scared?
Can "invisible water" be created to make it look as if a tin foil boat is floating in the air?
Can a person create a huge fireball by firing a cloud of sawdust and ignite it with a flare?

/2008-12 Phone Book Friction.mkv
Are two interlaced phone books impossible to pull apart by any means?
Can a shark be blown up like they did in ''Deep Blue Sea''?

/2008-13 Water Stun Gun.mkv
Can a conventional electric stun gun be turned into a water-powered electric stun gun?
Is firewalking real?
Can a fire be put out by placing a fire extinguisher into it?

/2008-14 Blind Driving.mkv
Can a blind man drive a car if given instructions by his passenger?
Is it better to play through a tree than around it in golf?
Can an explosion in a gopher hole cause a golf ball near the edge of the hole to fall in?
Does wearing shoes with metal cleats increase one's chances of getting struck by lightning?

/2008-15 Ninjas 2.mkv
Can a ninja catch an arrow mid-flight? (Revisit of: Catching an Arrow)
Could a ninja hide underwater, breathing through a bamboo reed, long enough to attack an enemy with a poison blow-dart?
Is Bruce Lee's famous one-inch punch really effective?

/2008-16 Alcohol Myths.mkv
Does drinking alcohol make people look more attractive?
Do alleged ways of sobering up really work?
Could the ancient Korean Hwacha actually do what is claimed?

/2008-17 Motorcycle Flip.mkv
Will a motorcycle flip if a pole is thrust into the front wheel?
Can someone break out of prison with a rope made of toilet paper, human hair, or bedsheets?

/2008-18 Coffin Punch.mkv
What household objects are bulletproof?
Once buried alive inside a coffin, is it possible to punch your way through the coffin and dig yourself out?

/2008-19 End With a Bang.mkv
Is it really true that one cannot polish dung?
Is hitting the ground with running legs faster than a standing start?
Is it really best to end with a bang?

/2008-SP1 Viewer Special Threequel.mkv
Could a torture technique consisting of growing a bamboo through a victim's body have worked?
Does dropping alkali metals in a water-filled bathtub result in a huge explosion?
Does brandy, such as carried by Saint Bernards, really prevent hypothermia?
Does lighting a piano on fire make it explode?

/2009-1 Demolition Derby.mkv
When a bus is moving at over 50 miles per hour, will moving passengers to the inside of the turn keep the bus from flipping?
Will a fruit stand drive through, chain link gate crash, caravan collision, and semi trailer shave leave the driver unharmed and able to continue in a high speed pursuit?
Will a car dropped from 4,000 feet fall faster than a speeding car?
Can two big rigs that collide head on completely flatten a compact car between them?
'''Note''': This was a double-length special episode.

/2009-2 Alaska Special.mkv
Is pykrete tougher than ice, bulletproof, and durable enough to make a boat out of?
Can a V-shaped snowplow really split a car in two?

/2009-3 Banana Slip-Double-Dip.mkv
Can a banana peel really cause one to slip?
Does double dipping cause germ warfare?
Can you really make a homemade diamond?

/2009-4 YouTube Special.mkv
Do match heads alone have the explosive punch to fire a homemade cannon?
Can a 7-foot ball of Lego blocks become a rolling weapon of mass destruction?
Can a car tire burst into flames if it spins fast enough?
'''Note''': This was a special YouTube-themed episode.

/2009-5 Swimming in Syrup.mkv
Can a person swim faster in syrup than in water?
Can two targets be hit with one shot by splitting a bullet on an axe blade?
Can a steel door be blown open by the gunpowder from six bullets?

/2009-6 Exploding Bumper.mkv
Can a car bumper explode?
Did Hungarian archers get twice the penetration shooting a bow from a galloping horse?

/2009-7 Seesaw Saga.mkv
Could a skydiver whose parachute failed to open hit a playground seesaw and send a small girl flying seven stories high, and she could still survive?

/2009-8 Thermite vs. Ice.mkv
Could thermite placed on top of blocks of ice set off an explosion?
Could a car stereo set off an SKS rifle?
Could a person's thumb be severed while firing a hunting pistol?

/2009-9 Prison Escape.mkv
Could a human hang on to the roof of a speeding car?
Can dental floss be used to cut through the steel bars of a prison?
Can a prisoner fire the ball from his ball-and-chain via a ceremonial cannon, launch himself over the prison wall, and survive?

/2009-10 Curving Bullets.mkv
Can a sonic shock wave shatter glass?
Is it possible to bend bullets around obstacles, like in the movie ''Wanted''?

/2009-11 Car vs. Rain.mkv
Will driving a convertible faster in the rain help a person stay drier than stopping and putting the top on?
Can popcorn be cooked with lasers or explosions?

/2009-12 Knock Your Socks Off.mkv
If one bullet is fired horizontally and the other is dropped vertically, simultaneously from the same height, will they hit the ground at the same time?
Can someone really be knocked out of their socks?

/2009-13 Duct Tape Hour.mkv
Is it possible to lift a car using nothing but duct tape?
Can duct tape plug holes in the bottom of boats?
Can you create a working sail-boat out of duct tape?
Can duct tape be used to construct a potato cannon instead of gule?
Is it possible to build a working cannon using duct tape?

/2009-14 Clean Car vs. Dirty Car.mkv
Does a dirty car get better gas mileage than a clean one?
Why are dimples crucial to the flight of golf balls?
Is a hangover caused by beer less severe than one caused by a mixture of beer and liquor?

/2009-15 Greased Lightning.mkv
Can a 30-foot fireball be created with an oil pan fire?
Does microwaving C-4 cause it to explode?
Can cheese fired from a cannon pierce a sail?

/2009-16 Hurricane Windows.mkv
Will opening all of the windows of a house during a hurricane lessen the damage caused to the structure?
Will a human head that has been dipped in liquid nitrogen for 5 seconds shatter when slammed into a table?
Will a Christmas tree explode if frozen using liquid nitrogen?

/2009-17 Crash and Burn.mkv
Does a car explode when driven off a cliff?
Can a huge rocket launch a cage holding a human, and would the person survive?

/2009-18 Myth Evolution.mkv
Can an exploding water heater pass through the second story of a house?
Can a person shoot around a corner accurately using a variety of methods?
Can someone hold on to a car while being driven through cardboard boxes?
Can liquid nitrogen be used to pick a lock?
Can a rocket-powered snowplow split a car in two?

/2009-19 Dumpster Diving.mkv
Can a person jump from a rooftop into a dumpster and walk away?
Can a deep-sea diver's body be crushed into his helmet if his air hose breaks?
'''Note''': Kari Byron goes on maternity leave and Jessi Combs joins the Build Team as her replacement.

/2009-20 Antacid Jail Break.mkv
Can antacid tablets be used to blow a prison cell open?
Can a person drive safely on a moonless night without using his headlights?

/2009-21 Unarmed and Unharmed.mkv
Can a cowboy shoot a gun out of a person's hand without injuring him?
Is the 50-foot bus jump seen in ''Speed'' possible in real life?

/2009-22 Hidden Nasties.mkv
Can you skip a car over a lake?
Is a toilet seat cleaner than other household items?

/2009-23 Mini-Myth Mayhem.mkv
Can you mail a coconut without packaging?
Can you light a match with a bullet?
Can you make a candle out of earwax?
Can you make someone urinate involuntarily by putting their hand in a bowl of warm water while they sleep?
Can you make your own gunpowder, shoot it out of a bamboo cannon, and walk away?
Can you touch molten lead without burning your skin?

/2010-1 Boomerang Bullet.mkv
Can you accidentally kill yourself with a bullet that ricochets off three walls?
Could a medieval army have used trees to catapult dead bodies over a castle wall?

/2010-2 Soda Cup Killer.mkv
If a cup filled with soda was tossed out the window of a car, would it penetrate the windshield of a passing car, killing the driver?
Can you really hang from the edge of a building like in the movies?
'''Note''': This is Jessi Combs's final appearance as a member of the Build Team.

/2010-3 Dive to Survive.mkv
Can you escape an explosive shockwave by diving in water?
Can you bulletproof a car using nothing but phone books?
'''Note''': Kari Byron returns from maternity leave.

/2010-4 Spy Car Escape.mkv
Can an object fired backward from a vehicle moving forward simply fall to the ground?
Do the movie spy car tricks to escape a chasing car work?

/2010-5 Bottle Bash.mkv
Is it worse to have an empty beer bottle smashed over your head than a full one?
Could ancient armies have used animal hides to build their cannons?

/2010-6 No Pain, No Gain.mkv
Are some types of people more tolerant to pain?
Can a BBQ propane tank heat up enough in a fire to launch through a garage roof like a rocket?

/2010-7 Mythssion Control.mkv
Can someone really be knocked out of their socks? (Revisit of: Knock Your Socks Off)
Is the force exerted between two cars crashing into each other at 50 mph the same as a single car hitting a wall at 50 mph?

/2010-8 Duct Tape Hour 2.mkv
Can duct tape be used to build a bridge?
Can duct tape be used to fix a car?
Can duct tape be used to hold a car in place?
Can duct tape be used to stop a car going 60 miles per hour?

/2010-9 Waterslide Wipeout.mkv
Can a person be launched 115 feet into a kiddie pool from a giant waterslide?
Can a mail delivery truck taking only right turns save gas?

/2010-10 Fireball Stun Gun.mkv
Does pepper spray, a flannel shirt, and a stun gun cause massive fireball?
Can fireworks really launch a person over a lake?

/2010-11 Flu Fiction.mkv
Can a sneeze leave a person's nose at around 100 mph?
Can sneeze droplets travel up to 30 ft?
Can nasal secretions contaminate a room quickly?
Can you be decapitated by a tornado?

/2010-SP1 Top 25 Moments.mkv
The top 25 moments of ''MythBusters'' are counted down by the cast with additional comments.
'''Note''': This is a special double-length clip-show episode.

/2010-12 Hair of the Dog.mkv
Is there any way to prevent a bloodhound from tracking one's scent? (Revisit of: Foil the Bloodhound)
Is it possible to fool a dog trained to sniff out contraband?

/2010-13 Storm Chasing Myths.mkv
Are the Storm Chasers' vehicles fit to withstand force 5 tornado speeds?
Is it possible to build a personal tornado protection device?
 It is a crossover episode with Storm Chasers and is dedicated to honorary MythBuster Sanjay Singh.

/2010-14 Cold Feet.mkv
When you get "cold feet", do your feet actually get colder?
When the poop hits the fan, does everyone get covered in the ensuing chaos?

/2010-15 Tablecloth Chaos.mkv
Can a motorcycle pull a tablecloth out from under a setting for a banquet?
Do humans really only use 10% of their brain?

/2010-16 Arrow Machine Gun.mkv
Did the Greeks create an arrow machine gun that offered the speed, distance, and precision that modern machine guns do?
Is driving while tired worse than driving while tipsy?

/2010-17 Mini Myth Madness.mkv
Can a scuba diver wear a tuxedo underneath his drysuit, go underwater, resurface, strip off his scuba gear, and be able to present the tuxedo perfectly?
Can a car's tire pressure affect its fuel efficiency?
Can a laptop stop a bullet from point-blank range?
Can a hair weave stop a .40 caliber bullet?
Can a fridge door stop a round of 9mm bullets?
Out of using your elbow, using your hand, and using a handkerchief to cover your mouth when you sneeze, which is the best way to limit the spread of germs?
Is it easy to take candy from a baby?
Can a bottle of beer, when given a sudden shock, turn from a liquid and freeze into a solid?

/2010-18 Reverse Engineering.mkv
Does a certain 1970s sports car become more aerodynamic if the body is turned backwards?
Can a surfboard be launched through the windscreen of a car and be lethal, like in the movie ''Lethal Weapon 2''?

/2010-19 Inverted Underwater Car.mkv
Is it more difficult to escape from a sinking car that flips upside down than from one that remains right-side up?
Can a carton of milk keep a pistol's muzzle flash from igniting a room full of flammable gas?

/2010-20 Bug Special.mkv
Can honey bees lift a laptop?
Can hitting a bug at high speeds on a motorcycle be fatal?
Can hanging a bag of water repel flies?

/2010-21 President's Challenge.mkv
Can mirrors be used to make a death ray? (Revisit of: Ancient Death Ray)
Is it possible to make a moving SUV flip end-over-end by punching down on the hood, like in the film ''Hellboy''?
'''Note''': President Obama made a special appearance challenging Adam and Jamie to revisit the "Ancient Death Ray" myth.

/2010-22 Green Hornet Special.mkv
Can a buried car use onboard explosives to blast a bulldozer out of the way without injuring the passengers?
If a bullet-riddled car gets stuck in a rising elevator, will the ceiling cut it in half, and can the front end be driven away?
'''Note''': Seth Rogen makes a special appearance, challenging the cast to replicate two scenes from his film ''The Green Hornet''.

/2010-23 Operation Valkyrie.mkv
Did Adolf Hitler survive Operation Valkyrie only because he was in a conference room instead of an underground bunker?
Can you literally knock some sense into a person by slapping them?

/2011-1 Mission Impossible Mask.mkv
Can realistic facial masks be used to bypass security measures as shown in the ''Mission: Impossible'' television series?
Is it possible to start a merry-go-round spinning by shooting bullets at it, as depicted in ''Shoot 'Em Up''?
Is it possible to knock a dropped gun out of reach by hitting it with bullets fired from another one?

/2011-2 Blue Ice.mkv
Can a magazine and toaster be used to blow up a room full of flammable gas, as depicted in ''The Bourne Supremacy''?
Can the contents of an airplane toilet leak out mid-flight and freeze into a lethal projectile?

/2011-3 Running on Water.mkv
Can a combination of footwear and technique allow a person to run on water?
Can a person survive an explosion by hiding behind a table, a car, a dumpster, or a cinderblock wall?

/2011-4 Bubble Trouble.mkv
Can a person swim through bubbling water?
Can an arrow with explosives split a tree in two?

/2011-5 Torpedo Tastic.mkv
Did the Syrians design a water-skimming torpedo as early as the 13th century?
If a truckload of wine catches fire, will the bottles blow their corks 100 feet and sound like a machine gun?

/2011-6 Blow Your Own Sail.mkv
How well do movie sound effects compare to their real-world counterparts?
Can a sailboat stranded in calm water start moving by blowing air into its sail with an onboard fan?

/2011-7 Spy Car 2.mkv
Can wheel spikes and a hood-mounted machine gun be used to disable a pursuing vehicle?
Can a bullet spin in place after being fired onto the surface of a frozen lake?

/2011-8 Dodge a Bullet.mkv
Can a person dodge a bullet after it has been fired at him?
Can a fall into water inflict the same injuries as one onto pavement from the same height?

/2011-9 Fixing a Flat.mkv
What can a driver use to replace a flat tire without a spare?
Can a fishing reel catch fire with a fast enough fish on the line?

/2011-SP1 Planes, Trains, and Automobiles.mkv
The MythBusters discuss 12 favorite myths involving forms of transportation.

/2011-10 Let There Be Light.mkv
Can mirrors be used to reflect sunlight and illuminate a tomb, as depicted in ''The Mummy''?
Can a runaway car be safely stopped if another driver pulls in front and slows down?

/2011-11 Paper Armor.mkv
Can a swimmer increase his chances of surviving an underwater explosion by floating at the surface?
Did armies in ancient China use paper armor that was as effective as steel?

/2011-12 Bikes and Bazookas.mkv
Is a motorcycle more environmentally friendly than a car?
Can a bullet take out an RPG?

/2011-13 Newton's Crane Cradle.mkv
Will a super-sized Newton's cradle work?
Can the weight of a bird be enough to tip a teetering car off of a cliff?

/2011-14 Walk a Straight Line.mkv
Is it impossible for humans to walk in a straight line without a point of reference?
Will binary explosives explode in the case of a fender bender?

/2011-15 Duct Tape Plane.mkv
Can excavators row a barge, take you wakeboarding, or do acrobatics?
Can you patch the fuselage of a plane with duct tape?

/2011-16 Flying Guillotine.mkv
Can C4 be used as a cooking fuel?
Can you make a throwing weapon that could decapitate an opponent and carry the head back to the thrower?

/2011-17 Drain Disaster.mkv
Will an explosion in a sewer launch a manhole cover as seen in many Hollywood films?
Can truck bedliner withstand a car crash, a dog bite, and an explosion?

/2011-SP2 Location, Location, Location.mkv
The MythBusters discuss 12 favorite locations they have used for testing myths in the past.

/2011-SP3 Wet and Wild.mkv
The MythBusters count down their 12 favorite water-based myths from prior episodes.

/2011-18 Wheel of Mythfortune.mkv
Is it possible to re-inflate a flat tire and re-seat it on its rim by spraying in engine starting fluid and igniting it?
How effective are various handgun firing stances?
If a live grenade lands near a person, can he avoid shrapnel injuries by lying flat on the ground?
Do people presented with the Monty Hall problem tend to stick with their first choice?
Would people presented with the Monty Hall problem be more likely to win if they changed their decision?

/2011-19 Toilet Bomb.mkv
If a pressure-triggered bomb is cooled with liquid nitrogen, can its detonation be delayed long enough for a person to seek protection, as seen in ''Lethal Weapon 2''?
Can airplanes save fuel by flying in a V-formation like a flock of birds?

/2012-1 Duct Tape Island.mkv
Can a pallet of duct tape help you survive on a deserted island?

/2012-2 Fire vs. Ice.mkv
Can a fire extinguisher hold off a flamethrower?
Can a fleet of cars kick up enough dust to blind a surveillance drone?

/2012-3 Square Wheels.mkv
Can a vehicle run as well on square wheels as it does on round ones?
Can two cars stuck nose-to-nose really do the maneuvers shown in the film ''Date Night''?

/2012-4 Swinging Pirates.mkv
Can the swinging-cage rescue in ''Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest'' really be done?
Can an oil drum filled with methanol work as a high speed go kart?

/2012-5 Battle of the Sexes.mkv
Are men better at driving than women?
Are women better at reading facial emotions than men?
Are men better at grilling than women?
Are men better at following maps than women?
Are men better at packing the car for a trip than women?

/2012-6 Driving in Heels.mkv
Does a driver's choice of footwear affect driving performance?
Does a full bladder pose as much of a driving hazard as being legally intoxicated?
Can superglue be used to turn a room upside down?
Can superglue restrain a driver as well as a seat belt does during a collision?

/2012-7 Revenge of the Myth.mkv
Can fireworks really launch a person over a lake? (Revisit of: Fireworks Man)
Can the weight of a bird be enough to tip a teetering car off of a cliff? (Revisit of: Bird Balance)
Can a water heater turned on its side be used as a cannon?
Can excavators be used to thread a needle or pour a glass of wine?

/2012-8 Bouncing Bullet.mkv
Can a bullet ricochet off pavement and up through a car's floorboard, as seen in ''Burn Notice''?
Can you ride an explosion's shock wave to jump farther than you can under your own power?

/2012-SP1 Mailbag Special.mkv
Can you eat a spoonful of cinnamon without drinking water?
Which will fall faster, a six-pack of light beer or regular beer?
Can a bullet from a .50 caliber Desert Eagle pistol not penetrate 25 watermelons?
Can a van loaded with leaking containers of flammable gases explode when it receives a signal from its keyless remote?
 The Build Team answered a series of randomly chosen letters sent in by viewers, answering questions and doing a series of short tests.

/2012-9 Bubble Pack Plunge.mkv
Can you survive a 35 ft fall while covered in bubble wrap?
Can a rocket-powered ejector seat flip an upside-down car back onto its wheels, as seen in Die Another Day?

/2012-10 Duel Dilemmas.mkv
Should you really never bring a knife to a gunfight?
Will you lose a sword fight if you try to strike first?
Did the 14th century Chinese design a two-stage, arrow-launching missile?

/2012-11 Hollywood Gunslingers.mkv
Can someone running through gunfire make it out safe?
Can bullets made of silver or engraved with an enemy's name be as effective as unmodified ammunition?
Does the person who draws second have a better chance of winning in a gunfight?
Can a nail gun inflict wounds as lethal as a firearm?
Can a MAC-10 dropped down a flight of stairs start firing by itself?
Can a person firing two pistols simultaneously, rather than alternating left and right hand shots, hit targets more effectively than a person holding one pistol in a two-handed stance? (Revisit of: Firearm Fashion)
Is the length of a typical action-movie gunfight realistic?

/2012-SP2 Jawsome Shark Special.mkv
Adam and Jamie count down their 25 favorite shark-related myths.

/2012-12 Titanic Survival.mkv
Could Jack have survived with Rose in the ending of ''Titanic''?
Is it possible to build a rocket-powered surfboard?

/2012-13 Trench Torpedo.mkv
Can a trench with perfect 90° corners absorb an explosion's shockwave inside the trench better than a trench with rounded corners?
Can balloons act like an airbag during a car crash and save someone's life?

/2012-14 Hail Hijinx.mkv
Can you jump to safety from a collapsing rope bridge as seen in the film ''Cliffhanger''?
Can a strong enough hailstorm sink a boat?

/2012-15 Fright Night.mkv
Can certain sound frequencies persuade people that an area is haunted?
Is it really possible to smell fear?
Is it really as easy to move and bury a dead body as it is in the movies?

/2012-16 Mini Myth Medley.mkv
Are people really well-acquainted with the backs of their own hands?
Can a needle be thrown through a glass pane without shattering it?
Is it really impossible to ride a bicycle underwater?
Does the "potty dance" really allow you to delay the urge to urinate?

/2012-17 Cannonball Chemistry.mkv
Can a mattress cushion the impact of a long fall onto water?
Are stone cannonballs as deadly as steel ones?

/2012-18 Food Fables.mkv
Can you cook a full holiday meal on the engine of a running car?
Does the tryptophan in turkey make you sleepy?
Is it easy to confuse the taste of unusual meat with chicken?
Can a particular Chinese pressure vessel be used to cook popcorn faster than other methods?

/2012-SP3 Explosions A to Z.mkv
The Build Team goes through the alphabet highlighting some of the show's 752 detonations and counting.

/2013-1 JATO Rocket Car: Mission Accomplished?.mkv
Can a 1967 Chevy take off with JATO rockets, like in the tale of the JATO Rocket Car? (Revisit of: JATO Car)

/2013-2 Deadliest Catch Crabtastic Special.mkv
Will a crab pot drag you overboard to the bottom if your foot is caught in a coil?
Is it better to work a 30-hour grind with no sleep than a 20 minute nap every 6 hours?
Are crab pots truly indestructible?
'''Note''': ''Deadliest Catch'' captains Johnathan Hillstrand and Scott "Junior" Campbell guest star in this episode.

/2013-3 Down and Dirty-Earthquake Survival.mkv
Is a bathroom's hand dryer better than a paper towel?
Which public restroom stall is the cleanest?
Is better to stand in the doorway during an earthquake?

/2013-4 Indy Car Special.mkv
Can man beat machine in a 30-ft, standing-start sprint?
Can a driver lose 10 lbs during a race?
Can the suction created by a speeding car rip loose a manhole cover during a street race?

/2013-5 Battle of the Sexes: Round 2.mkv
Will lost men really not stop and ask for directions?
Are women better multi-taskers?
Are women better at parallel parking?
Are men better at throwing objects than women?

/2013-6 Motorcycle Water Ski.mkv
Can a motorcycle traveling at highway speeds drive across the surface of a lake?
Can you survive a jump from a high-rise building with a parachute made from a hotel room's contents?

/2013-7 Hypermiling-Crash Cushions.mkv
Could a guy sandwiched between two big guys in the backseat of a car survive the car being T-boned by a truck, as seen in ''Headhunters''?
Can hypermiling techniques really double your car's fuel efficiency?

/2013-8 Duct Tape Canyon.mkv
Can Adam and Jamie cross a canyon and reach civilization using only basic supplies, duct tape, and bubble wrap?
 It was used to promote  ''Skywire Live''.

/2013-9 Painting With Explosives-Bifurcated Boat.mkv
Can a room be painted using explosives via Adam's snowflake frame or Jamie's steel sphere?
Can a boat be split in two by a channel marker? (Revisit of: Bifurcated Boat)

/2013-10 Breaking Bad Special.mkv
Can concentrated hydrofluoric acid in a bathtub completely dissolve a human body, create a hole through the tub, and dissolve the bathroom floor below it?
Can a chunk of solid mercury fulminate thrown on the ground explode, kill or injure bystanders, and break nearby windows, all without injuring the thrower?

/2013-11 Zombie Special.mkv
Is an axe more effective than a gun when you are swarmed by zombies?
Can the force of many people bust down a door?
Can you escape from a horde of zombies?
'''Note''': ''The Walking Dead''{{'}}s Michael Rooker guest stars in this episode.

/2014-1 Star Wars Special.mkv
Could Luke have safely swung across the chasm in the Death Star while carrying Princess Leia?
Would the Ewoks' swinging log trap have destroyed an Imperial walker?
Would a Tauntaun carcass have kept Luke from freezing to death on the cold climate of Hoth?

/2014-2 Moonshiner Myths.mkv
Can a moonshine still explode and destroy the shack it is hidden in?
Can a car fueled by moonshine run as well as one running on gasoline?

/2014-3 Hollywood Car Crash Cliches.mkv
Can two men carrying a pane of glass survive unscathed if a car smashes through it?
Can a rocket-propelled grenade explosion flip an SUV?
Can a large truck plow through a traffic jam without stopping?

/2014-4 Car Chase Chaos - Animal Antics.mkv
Can you share the task of driving, change places while driving, or push the driver out while moving at regular speed?
Can you prevent cats from defecating in your garden?
What methods work best to repel snakes?
What methods work best to deter bears?

/2014-5 *DO* Try This at Home?.mkv
Can watering plants with microwaved water kill them?
Can you put out a fire on a lake by turning a boat at an angle?
Can metronomes started at different times sync together?
Can a ball chain "levitate" over a lip of a cup?
Can sugar and sulfuric acid explode like a "black snake"?
Are dry ice bombs lethal?
Can hydrogen peroxide, yeast, water, liquid dish soap, and food coloring create "elephant toothpaste"?
Can water coming out of a hose with a speaker next to it create an optical illusion that it is going backwards?

/2014-6 Mythssion Impossible.mkv
Can you herd cats?
Can you catch a greased pig?
Can you stuff 10 pounds of feces into a 5-pound bag?

/2014-7 Bullet Baloney.mkv
Can a gun fire lethally if its barrel is bent?
Can tape measures and wallets stop bullets?
Will a shotgun shell on the tip of a wooden spear detonate if jabbed into an attacking animal?
Can a gun work in outer space?
Will a neon sign blow out in a shower of sparks if hit by a bullet?
Can a gun discharge on its own if thrown into a deep fryer?

/2014-8 Supersonic Ping Pong-Ice Cannon.mkv
Can a ping pong ball inflict a lethal injury if it flies fast enough?
Can a cannon and cannonballs made from ice be a reliable weapon?

/2014-9 Fire in the Hole.mkv
Could someone shoot a live grenade in midair and thus render it useless?
Can you contain a TNT explosion inside an ordinary object?

/2014-10 Household Disasters.mkv
Can an explosion caused by a hot-water heater put out a fire?
Is sunscreen flammable?
Can a piano being raised into a house fall and break through the roof and the floor of a house?
Will a vacuum explode if it vacuums up black powder?

/2014-11 Commercial Myths.mkv
Can you bob for an apple during a 100 foot bungee jump?
Can you really play tennis on an airplane wing mid-flight?

/2014-12 Road Rage.mkv
When two cars try and knock each off the road does it always result in a long and difficult fender-bending duel?
Is the silver screen trick of tipping up on to two wheels and driving sideways as easy as it seems?
Can a Corvette be used as a ramp to flip into a barrel roll as in the movie ''Wanted''?

/2014-13 Laws of Attraction.mkv
Do males prefer women with blonde hair?
Do pheromone sprays work?
Are women attracted to wealthy men?
Do men give larger tips to women with larger breasts?
Does a person’s intelligence deteriorate in the presence of members of the opposite gender?

/2014-14 Traffic Tricks.mkv
If a single car brakes lightly, can it cause a ripple that triggers a major traffic jam?
Is it better to stay in one lane in heavy traffic instead of changing lanes?
Are roundabouts more efficient than four-way stop signs?
For journeys less than 400 miles, is driving faster than flying?

/2014-15 Plane Boarding.mkv
Is the method used for boarding planes by most airlines inefficient?
Can you make an untraceable bullet out of teeth?
'''Note''': This episode marked the final appearance of Kari Byron, Grant Imahara, and Tory Belleci on the US schedule. This is the last episode to use the 2006 opening sequence and The Dandy Warhols arrangement of the theme music.

/2015-1 ''The Simpsons'' Special.mkv
Will a cherry bomb dropped in a school toilet make others act like geysers?
Will placing someone between a wrecking ball and a building protect the building?

/2015-2 ''Indiana Jones'' Special.mkv
Could Indiana Jones have outrun a battery of wall-mounted dart launchers?
Can you use a whip to disarm or neutralize an enemy with a gun?
Does the tip of a whip break the sound barrier?
Can you use a whip to swing safely across a chasm?

/2015-3 ''A-Team'' Special.mkv
Can you build a propane-powered log cannon to shoot planks at enemies?
Can you safely disable a pursuing car by blasting a manhole cover upward into it?

/2015-4 Video Game Special.mkv
Can you easily carry and deploy a large variety of weapons, as in ''Doom''?
Can you easily slice through large amounts of thrown fruit, as in ''Fruit Ninja''?

/2015-5 Transformers.mkv
Can a car be converted into a motorcycle?
Can a bicycle be modified to operate on both land and water?

/2015-6 San Francisco Drift.mkv
Can you turn a corner faster by drifting than with conventional driving methods?
Can you drift into a parallel parking space without hitting the adjacent cars or the curb?

/2015-7 Blow It Out of the Water.mkv
Can a boat be blown out of the water without destroying it?
Is it possible to mount a remote-controlled machine gun in a car trunk and use it to kill a roomful of people from outside a house, as seen in the finale of ''Breaking Bad''?
'''Note''': ''Breaking Bad'' creator Vince Gilligan makes a guest appearance.

/2015-8 Flights of Fantasy.mkv
Is the Lockheed U-2 really harder to fly and land safely than any other plane currently in use?
Can a drone's propellers injure a person?

/2015-9 Accidental Ammo.mkv
Can a stone shot from a lawn mower have the same force as a bullet shot from a .357 Magnum?
Can a pane of glass falling cut a person fully in half?

/2015-10 Dangerous Driving.mkv
Is talking on the phone using hands-free technology when driving equally as distracting as holding the phone in the hand?
Is it easy to drive a vehicle in reverse at high speed?

/2015-11 Supernatural Shooters.mkv
Is it possible for a hitman to fire a bullet through a wall and hit a moving target on the other side?
Can you effectively fire bullets from between your fingers by putting your hand in a fire, as seen in ''Shoot 'Em Up''?
'''Note''': Actor Jonathan Banks of ''Breaking Bad'' was a special guest in this episode.

/2015-12 Unfinished Business.mkv
Can a video game that simulates a skill lead to real-world improvement in that skill?
Are hollow road spikes more effective in stopping a car than solid ones?
Is it difficult to hold on to a live grenade once the pin is pulled?
Can you fire and reload a pistol as quickly as in a Hollywood action movie?

/2015-13 MythBusters vs. Jaws.mkv
Is there any way to shoot a scuba tank in a shark's mouth and cause it to explode? (Revisit of: Exploding Scuba Tank)
Will the sound of orcas drive sharks away?
Will the smell of a dead shark drive living ones away?

/2015-14 ''Star Wars'' 2.mkv
Is it possible for people to dive out of the way of incoming Stormtrooper shots?
Does a combatant on the higher ground have a significant advantage over his opposition?
'''Note''': This is a ''Star Wars'' themed episode.

/2016-1 MythBusters Revealed.mkv
A behind-the-scenes look at the production of the final season, with clips of myths from the 2016 season.

/2016-2 The Explosion Special.mkv
Can a load of wet cement prevent a bomb in a mail truck from injuring bystanders or destroying the truck?
Can you safely cross a minefield in a hovercraft?

/2016-3 Tanker Crush.mkv
Will a steam-filled railroad tank car collapse in on itself as it cools?

/2016-4 Cooking Chaos.mkv
Can you instantly cook shrimp by firing them through clouds of flour, eggs, bread crumbs, and fire?
Can you use an underwater explosion to juice the inside of a fruit without damaging the skin?

/2016-5 Driven to Destruction.mkv
Can you flatten a car with explosives?
Can you use a household vacuum cleaner to lift a car?

/2016-6 Volunteer Special.mkv
Is an axe really better than a gun in a zombie attack? (Revisit of: Axe vs. Gun)
Can checkout wait times in a store be reduced by routing customers to the first available register instead of letting them choose their own?

/2016-7 Failure Is Not an Option!.mkv
Is drifting faster than regular driving on a dirt road? (Revisit of: Drift Turn)
Can a metal cigarette lighter stop a bullet? (Revisit of: What is Bulletproof?)
Can a full fishtank stop a shotgun blast?
Can you survive two identical, simultaneous explosions by standing halfway between them?

/2016-8 Rocketman.mkv
Can gummy bears and feces be used as alternative rocket fuels?

/2016-9 Reddit Special.mkv
<!--'''Myths tested''':
-->

/2016-10 Grand Finale.mkv
<!--'''Myths tested''':
-->

/2016-11 Reunion.mkv
<!--'''Myths tested''':
-->

