The Sorcerer's Duel
===================

'The Sorcerer himself appears in the common room, looking for someone. When he sees <Glanfindel?>, he strides over.
become sorcerer
'You! You have wronged me. You entered my sanctum and you STOLE my power cylinders.
'I challenge you to a duel. And as the aggrieved party, I claim the right to name the weapons.
'Misery Poker at five paces. Winner takes all, loser leaves town. A duel to the death.
'As the aggrieved, I open with a free complaint.
become
share -- I was robbed of the power cylinders that my Eternal Flame requires. --
'Each time the Sorcerer issues a complaint, you (any of you) must issue a counter-complaint. You will be playing as a team.
''Share' your complaints, so we can see them easily.

share -- Nobody loves me, and few respect me. I am feared without being respected. --
share -- Maintaining a pet dragon costs me 95% of my monthly income from looting and pillaging. --
share -- The central heating in my draughty castle isn't working. --
share -- The price of candles just keeps going up. Maintaining my evil pentagrams is getting more expensive by the year. --
share -- All my minions are dead. Mostly because I killed them for incompetence. --
share -- I don't have a wife. I tried to marry a girl, but she got away from me. --
share -- Everyone hates me just because I'm a teeny weeny bit evil. They don't understand that I'm just misunderstood. --
share -- Last week, a hero came in and pushed my big "do not push" button. Ruined my whole day. --
share -- Dry-cleaning fees on long flowing robes are just INSANE. --
share -- I murdered all my friends because I needed secrecy. Now I'm lonely. --
share -- My last three cooks had to be executed for putting strange powders in the food. Now I'm living on ramen noodles. Again. --
share -- I made a bargain with a demon for eternal life, but just as I tried to double-cross him, he killed me. (Luckily I got better.) --
share -- Yes yes, it's first-world problems, but the gigantic and imposing doors to my castle are SO slow to open whenever I get a delivery. --
share -- It's crucial that I play evil dramatic music, but I can't STAND the Toccata and Fugue. --
share -- Some people broke into my files and stole my recipe for bacon cheeseburgers, just because it was labelled 'secret plans' by mistake. --
share -- I have to be here dueling with you instead of working on my super-secret plans for world domination. --
share -- My plans for world domination don't have council approval yet. --

Eventually the players will best him.

sayas sorcerer Nooooooo! I don't have anything left to grumble at!! A sorcerer with nothing to complain at... I've been demoted to mere king!
'The Sorcerer thumps down the Eternal Flame like a petulent child, and stomps off. For someone with nothing left to complain about, he sure seems to have a lot of grumbling left in him.

* If STB wanted this to be the last session *

'Congratulations! You are true heroes. The Eternal Flame is yours, you have the favour of the people, and most importantly, you helped to invent a new cocktail. The greatest power and the greatest alcohol are yours to command!

* If STB wants another session (or more) after this *

'Freed from his servitude to the Sorcerer, the dragon declares himself to be the duly-elected President of All The World. Elections will be held annually, and anyone who does not vote for the dragon will be ignored. (This is to ensure a properly-fair election.)
'As you helped the dragon to come to power, you are deemed a threat, and thus are considered rivals. The dragon offers you sixty seconds to run away, otherwise he's going to fly to his presidential apartments. That'll teach you!
'After the dragon leaves, you decide that this cannot continue. Something is rotten in the current state of affairs. But solving it... will wait for another day.
